So what new admission? Faster. You're going to have to tackle off war
your worship. So, up to this point, you may or may not have been required
to write fitness reports. Certainly your old fitness report. So
you're going to have to write those, right? Those evaluations, your
personal side. So that's one thing that you may or may not have the
skill set. So worried, right? Russ, It's been pulled more art than
science on. They take skill set to do that. I wrote men. You. I was
coming up every fit right on myself. I would big bar with steals reps
from other officers. So it has him in my file, so I would know how
to write them. Um, as I began senior. So now I'm really hush. It's
out there and you can learn how to write. Um, that's important because
it all comes down. It won't be easy. You're a whole year special.
Label off one here on paper, you're gonna be asked to send those influence
in Europe